Prepare release notes for v1.0.0-rc2 (#723)
frequenz-floss/frequenz-sdk-python: RELEASE_NOTES.md

## Summary

> This version ships an experimental version of the **Power Manager**, add preliminary support for n:m relations between inverters and batteries and add user documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version ships an experimental version of the **Power Manager**, adds preliminary support for n:m relations between inverters and batteries and includes user documentation.
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
